Training the generator and the discriminator
will involve a kind of two-step training loop.
The discriminator alternates between training on real data and fake data,
so it's training process should follow these steps.
First, compute the discriminator loss on real training images,
we'll use our real_loss function to help with this.
When we train the discriminator,
the true labels should be smoothed.
Then, you'll generate fake images and compute
the discriminator loss on these fake generated images,
similar to above, only using our fake_loss function to help compute the loss here.
Finally, you'll add up
the real and fake_loss components to get the total discriminator loss,
and then you can perform backpropagation and
an optimization step to update the weights of the discriminator.
Next, training the generator.
This should be a little simpler.
The generator only cares about how
the discriminator response to it's fake generated images.
In fact, its goal is to trick the discriminator and get
it to classify this fake generated data as real.
So, to train the generator,
you'll start by generating some fake images,
and then you compute the discriminator loss on these fake images.
Only this time, you'll use flipped labels or our real_loss function because
the generator wants the discriminator to classify its images as real,
and you won't need to use any labels moving in this case.
Then, with this generator loss,
you can perform backpropagation and an optimization step as usual.
All right. So in this cell,
I've started the training loop for you and commented some instructions.
This will loop over our training data for some specified number of epochs,
and I recommend at least 40 for some reasonable outputs.
Then you have some code to keep track of the generator and discriminator losses,
and also record some generated fake data as I train.
So I'm setting the models to their training mode,
and entering this epoch training loop.
Then, I'm getting our training data batches at a time.
In here, I'm getting the batch size of our input image data,
and here's an important step.
I'm actually re-scaling the input images,
which are normalized to pixel values from zero to
one to be in a range of negative one to one.
The reason this is important is because our generator outputs have been
scaled to be values between negative one and one with a tanh function,
and I want these to be comparable to these real pixel values.
So, this is an important re-scaling step.
To move from a range from zero to one to a negative one to one,
we can just multiply zero to one values by two to get a range of zero to two,
and then subtract one to get a range of negative one to one.
Okay. So then in this batch loop,
I have two big marked sections.
First for training the discriminator and second for training the generator.
The discriminator will be trained on real and fake images.
So you'll calculate two losses at each of these steps,
and sum them to get a total loss and perform backpropagation.
The only code I'm providing here is showing you how to generate these fake images.
So first, I'm generating a latent vector z using values
taken from a uniform distribution with values between negative one and one.
So, these are random values in this range,
and I'm making those batch size number of rows by z_size or a 100 in length.
Then, I'm converting these to be float tensors that can be passed to a generator.
Our generator G can then take this z as
input and generate some fake image vectors as output.
I'm just giving you one example for how to do this,
and later on in training the generator,
you'll be asked to generate some more of these images,
and you can type up the same fake image creation code there.
I'm leaving most of this for you to fill out.
At the end of the loop,
I also have some code for printing out
law statistics and saving some sample generated data.
This means that as we train and after each epoch,
we'll be recording the discriminator and
generator loss as well as saving some fake generated samples.
So, try to complete this training loop,
and if you've done it correctly,
this notebook will be complete,
and you can proceed with generating sample data.
Next, I'll show you my training process and some examples of this generated data.